Add docs for delegatedPermissionClassifications and permissionGrantPolicies (#10183)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/serviceprincipal-delete-delegatedpermissionclassifications.md

---
title: "Delete a delegatedPermissionClassification from a service principal"

> description: "Remove a permission classification from API's service principal."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Delete a permission classification from API's service principal."
```

localization_priority: Normal
doc_type: apiPageType
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
author: "psignoret"
---

> # Remove a delegatedPermissionClassification from a service principal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Delete a delegatedPermissionClassification from a service principal
```

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Deletes a [delegatedPermissionClassification](../resources/delegatedPermissionClassification.md) which had previously been set for a delegated permission.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | PermissionGrantPolicy.ReadWrite.All |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | PermissionGrantPolicy.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
DELETE /servicePrincipals/{id}/delegatedPermissionClassifications/{id}
```

## Request headers

| Name       | Type | Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
| Authorization  | string  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

> If successful, this method returns `204 No Content` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If successful, this method returns a `204 No Content` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.
```

## Examples

### Request

> Here is an example of the request to delete a permission classification for delegated permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example of the request.
```

> # [HTTP](#tab/http)

Reviewer: Please remove line 57.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "serviceprincipal_delete_delegatedpermissionclassifications"
}-->

```http
DELETE https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/{id}/delegatedPermissionClassifications/{id}
```

> ---

Reviewer: Please remove line 67.
